README.md, before:

# JSscriptInjector
A javascript injector to run custom javascript code on webpages.

## Injector Bookmarklet

This bookmarklet adds a small panel on your top right side of your screen to any webpage that does not have CSP, letting you:
- Enable page editing
- Play audio (from URL or file)
- Inject custom JavaScript
- Close the panel

### How to Install
1. Copy the code below.
2. Create a new bookmark in your browser.
3. Paste the code into the bookmark’s URL field.
4. Save it and click the bookmark on any page to run.

### Code
```javascript
javascript:(function(){var p=document.createElement("div");p.style.position="fixed";p.style.top="10px";p.style.right="10px";p.style.background="rgba(0,0,0,0.9)";p.style.color="white";p.style.padding="8px";p.style.zIndex=9999;p.style.fontFamily="sans-serif";p.innerHTML='<textarea id="codeEditor" placeholder="Type JS here or press CTRL+V to paste script from clipboard" style="width:200px;height:100px;"></textarea><br><button id="editBtn">Enable Page Edit</button><button id="audioBtn">Play Sound</button><button id="runBtn">inject js script</button><button id="closeBtn">X</button>';document.body.appendChild(p);document.getElementById("editBtn").onclick=function(){document.body.contentEditable=true;document.designMode="on";};document.getElementById("audioBtn").onclick=function(){var u=prompt("Audio URL or leave blank for file:");if(u){(new Audio(u)).play().catch(e=>alert("Autoplay blocked"))}else{var f=document.createElement("input");f.type="file";f.accept="audio/*";f.onchange=function(){(new Audio(URL.createObjectURL(f.files[0]))).play()};f.click();}};document.getElementById("runBtn").onclick=function(){try{eval(document.getElementById("codeEditor").value)}catch(e){alert("Error: "+e)}};document.getElementById("closeBtn").onclick=function(){p.remove();};})();

Commit message:

Enhance README description with extra features
Expanded the description to include additional features of the JavaScript injector.

README.md, after:

# JSscriptInjector
A javascript injector to run custom javascript code on webpages with extra features like page edit, play sound.

## Injector Bookmarklet

This bookmarklet adds a small panel on your top right side of your screen to any webpage that does not have CSP, letting you:
- Enable page editing
- Play audio (from URL or file)
- Inject custom JavaScript
- Close the panel

### How to Install
1. Copy the code below.
2. Create a new bookmark in your browser.
3. Paste the code into the bookmark’s URL field.
4. Save it and click the bookmark on any page to run.

### Code
```javascript
javascript:(function(){var p=document.createElement("div");p.style.position="fixed";p.style.top="10px";p.style.right="10px";p.style.background="rgba(0,0,0,0.9)";p.style.color="white";p.style.padding="8px";p.style.zIndex=9999;p.style.fontFamily="sans-serif";p.innerHTML='<textarea id="codeEditor" placeholder="Type JS here or press CTRL+V to paste script from clipboard" style="width:200px;height:100px;"></textarea><br><button id="editBtn">Enable Page Edit</button><button id="audioBtn">Play Sound</button><button id="runBtn">inject js script</button><button id="closeBtn">X</button>';document.body.appendChild(p);document.getElementById("editBtn").onclick=function(){document.body.contentEditable=true;document.designMode="on";};document.getElementById("audioBtn").onclick=function(){var u=prompt("Audio URL or leave blank for file:");if(u){(new Audio(u)).play().catch(e=>alert("Autoplay blocked"))}else{var f=document.createElement("input");f.type="file";f.accept="audio/*";f.onchange=function(){(new Audio(URL.createObjectURL(f.files[0]))).play()};f.click();}};document.getElementById("runBtn").onclick=function(){try{eval(document.getElementById("codeEditor").value)}catch(e){alert("Error: "+e)}};document.getElementById("closeBtn").onclick=function(){p.remove();};})();
